Add additional billing info (#2463)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/account-management.md

# Billing and account management

This section contains information about how your Timescale account is billed.
It also shows you how to add a payment method, or update to a new credit card.

## Usage-based storage

<UsageBasedStorage />

This means that you don't need to select a storage size when you create a
service, and your services are not locked to a fixed disk size. If you reduce
the size of your data through compression, retention policies, or by deleting

> some of it, your bill is immediately decreased. It has the benefit of meaning
> that you don't need to scale your storage over time, you can just keep ingesting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some of it, your bill is immediately decreased.  You don't need to scale your storage over time, you can just keep ingesting
```

> some of it, your bill is immediately decreased. It has the benefit of meaning
> that you don't need to scale your storage over time, you can just keep ingesting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some of it, your bill is immediately decreased. With this billing system you don't need to scale your storage over time, you can just keep ingesting
```

data as you need to. All Timescale services can store up to 16&nbsp;TB.

> At the end of the month, you are charged for any storage you have used. Storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the month, you are charged for only the storage you have used. Storage
```

deleted at the end of the month. However, if you are still on trial, you can
delete the card in the `Wallet` without deleting the services.

<Highlight type="important">
If you prefer to pay by invoice, or if you are unable to provide a credit card
for billing, you can switch your project to corporate billing instead. To switch

> from credit card to corporate billing, [contact us](https://www.timescale.com/contact/) and ask to be
> changed to corporate billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from credit card to corporate billing, [contact us](https://www.timescale.com/contact/) and request to be
changed to corporate billing.
```
